The biggest challenge for me and my family has been illness, not having enough money to
pay for the treatment we need.
Each week I have to save up enough money just to feed my family.
We were deeply saddened by our situation.
First, it was a challenge for us to make ends meet because I didn't have a regular job.
I also worried about how my children would suffer if we did not have sufficient food and other
material needs.
I began to think that moving to another country was the only way to provide for my family.
As first Timothy 5.8 says, it is my responsibility to support them.
What kept me from moving to another country is my love for Jehovah and for my family.
As Philippians 1.10 says, we should make sure of the more important things.
And for my family, our spirituality is very important.
The final advice of Annalda Strinth and me.
He asked, does Jehovah only share our blessings abroad?
I remember what he said.
From then on, I realized that the most important thing in life is our spirituality.
Not the material things that we can get from this world, for it will also vanish.
A great blessing has been keeping our family united and happy despite our difficult situation.
I serve as a ministerial servant and auxiliary pioneer.
My daughter Fatima is a regular pioneer without a doubt Jehovah blesses our efforts.
Giving makes me happy.
Other brothers and sisters go through times of need just as we do.
Thinking of this helps me not to focus on my problems, but rather on our brotherhood
and Jehovah.
I am deeply convinced that we made the right decision as a family.
And now we are very happy despite having little material because I feel content.
They say, if you are content, you are rich and the scripture says,
it is Jehovah that makes one rich and he adds no pain with it.